# Stream-Manager
## *Final Report*
## Please see /src for code content
Creating a Chrome extension is relatively easy, thanks to a number of guides made by Google and many others who have taken on the task and decided to help others. For this reason, I assumed most of my difficulty in creating my extension, Stream-Manager, which is meant to automatically track your progress in all of your streamed media across platforms, would lie in accessing the Netflix DOM element. Early on, when time was plentiful, I focused on experimenting with Netflix's elements, attempting to access video metadata directly before writing any code for the title, episode, and similar type data. The time values were easily accessed via the universal HTML5 video player/tag, but the title attribute was empty, and I knew it had to come from somewhere. I learned a lot about the inner workings of the Netflix database (I probably didn’t scratch the surface), reading about the content ID numbers displayed in the URL and playing with elements from the source files in the developer console. I even walked through the process of building a simple Chrome extension back in October, including launching it in Chrome—the whole nine yards, and it wasn’t that difficult. But I just couldn’t get that metadata.

With the success I did have, I grew overconfident, then busy. Before I knew it, courses intensified post-midterm, among other things. The presentation deadline was suddenly around the corner, and all I had so far was a script for gathering the data (but nothing to display it), a Chrome extension manifest, and some icons. Nothing visual, let alone with React.Though I wasn’t initially worried about incorporating React, with such limited time, figuring out how to build and structure the app in the context of a Chrome extension turned out to be more than trivial. I attempted to throw something together, but faced problems with dependencies, directory structure, and little quirks that stifled my progress. My current iteration is a hasty attempt at a build prior to the presentation, which Chrome didn’t accept.

And then there were the technical difficulties. I decided I wanted to use this as an opportunity to learn how to use Docker and other containers, knowing how useful and prevalent they are in development environments, and not wanting to install Node.js and NPM directly on my computer. Working with a devcontainer configuration file proved to be straightforward, and starting devcontainers is simple with VSCode. What ended up being surprisingly time consuming was dealing with dependencies with NPM and React. While I plan on continuing this project with React out of stubbornness if not anything else, I do think it would have been a good idea to initially start it with regular JS.

